[Music]
hey so I saw this guy on Instagram and
he has some of the most unconventional
training methods I have ever seen
ever and today we're going to train with
him so I have no idea what the actual
plan is but so far we're going to go to
a Climbing gym and we're going to go to
a track and field which is interesting
because he told me that he wants to
break the world record for crab walking
the goldie line keep going keep going I
don't even know what that means but I
guess we'll find out dude how you doing
pretty good
so Hollywood Boulder yeah I just postest
one I come here almost every day before
we get started on whatever this is what
does like an average week look for you
like training wise training wise I
actually keep it pretty minimal so I
might do a hangboard one to two times a
week maximum it's uh it's like half of
my finger pad it's very uh so that's one
arm and you do one arm oh my goodness
you know when you say training you're
specifically talking about like stuff
like hangboarding you're not even
talking about climbing right no climbing
is a sport so to me that is doing not
necessarily training so I do that for
many many hours like sometimes 35 a week
this I can really only try super hard
like one or two times a week past that I
would injure myself like I can just feel
things would just start tearing away how
do you warm up you can hang on the 20
with your feet on the ground even you're
just getting your nerves firing in that
way my forearms are on fire right now
and this warmup has been a full-on
workout for me but luckily for us now
it's time to actually
climb yes with my useless arms let's go
all right so we're in rentals trying to
v9 by the way a v9 is very Advanced and
far above my level hook over there but
we're in trash renal shoes so yeah what
is this you pinch pinched on the bottom
oh God there's zero grip okay so I what
is
that did just campus the start to a v9
[Applause]
the yep y okay heel hook bump to the pin
come out to the to the crimp it's small
oh that's crazy anyway there was no
chance I was going to get a v9 on my
first day back to climbing but that's
okay we're here for the Journey For The
Experience so we're going on to an
easier climb which for swole animal is a
V7 um okay well let's just try it
there on that first jump my fingers hit
the ceiling so I went too
high oh of course of
course Yep this this is where I'm
slipping right here I almost want to get
the shoes wet and I feel like they would
grip
more oh man all right here we
go
see we need something for my ego let's
go with something like a
three so that's for the ego I can I can
climb a
V3 you want to go try the
V12 let's look what that V12 is oh boy
you're going to the only thing hard than
trying to climb a V12 without actually
training for it is how expensive your
phone plan is which is why I partnered
with mmobile but first I'd like to send
a text with it and uh we got to go to
the park how do I
I that's what I have to do let's
go all right let's give it a shot here
we go I know what you're thinking who
should I text my mom of course who uses
an Android and then of course my wife
who uses iPhone and it worked all right
that worked I don't know what I was
expecting they offer premium Wireless
for as low as $15 a month and I can get
unlimited talk and text on the nation's
largest 5G Network I brought my own
phone along with my number I already had
and of course all of my current contacts
so I sacrific literally nothing so how
hard is it for you to change your
service well big Wireless wants you to
think it's hard but it's really not
thanks to digital e SIM cards which most
phones now have you can activate and
change your service from the comfort of
wherever you are and if your phone
doesn't have a digital eim card well
mint Mobile's going to send you a SIM
card for free so if you want to save a
little bit of your money without the
sacrifice go to tryit mobile.com bydavid
it's at the top of the description and
you get $15 a month of Premium Wireless
when you get the 3-month plan now let's
get back to that V12 and remember we
still have a world record to break all
right it's uh three it's a three finger
hold hand and foot goes here on the same
hold position you see how much his
shoulder gets activated I'm not even
pulling on it it's all on the shoulder
yeah and in rentals this is going to be
like ridiculous it's I don't think I can
even hold this I can't even apply force
in that left hand that crimp is nasty
it's holding nothing that sucks it's
holding you're not holding anything like
what is this like it's not even a crimp
for me to be honest like it's a hope and
a dream at the moment battered and
bruised as I was it was time to break a
crab walking world record and if the
first half of this video was anything to
show for it I don't think I'm going to
be able to keep up but I've made peace
with that it's okay all right we are
going to be doing odd movements and
exercises namely the crab walk and the
bear crawl okay crab walk is on the back
side bear crawl is on your front front
side so I think the bear walk seems a
little bit easier let's do bear walk
first crab crawl will be uh much more
tiring on our systems and for how far uh
we are the whole field we're going doing
we're doing the whole field so you're
basically running over like a little
hunched old man almost when you're
Landing you're Landing like
this yes so when we're running you
[Music]
know so it is literally just running and
then slapping the ground almost pretty
much so you will feel it on your wrists
yep that's all it is that feels
relatively simple yep you look great
going to attempt to break the world
record I doubt we will today but we
might for the bear crawl for the bear
crawl okay uh for the crabwalk I will
beat the record I I know
that here this is this is a race sure
try not to expend all your energy in the
first 20 M you will get tired three all
right 2 1 go
oh
God there's no
way this is crazy
I went about 60% of the
way I'm going to grab the mic all right
we just looked back at it it was
actually 120 M or yeah 120 M instead of
100 so no wonder it was so tiring but it
was supposed to be from this white line
not that white line and same on the
other side so we're getting all that
more distance 1 Meer in from this line
you want to be technical okay now we've
got got a crab walk yep we've got great
suffering among us if I'm going to go
fast I want bounce right so I'm using a
little bit of Bounce in the elbow and a
little bit of Bounce in the shoulder
shoulders come like this okay and
you go like
that what forward is a little slower cuz
you're using the hamstrings to drag how
did you even go that fast you pushing
and catching push catch push catch oh
God
oh God it's really rough for a short
duration you can go 1 2 3 4 like that
for a longer duration you go in threes 1
2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 like that dude oh
my really rough on the triceps the
wrists shoulders core dude you've got
the record then you got to you got to
get it so let's see what I can do I'm
pretty darn tired I think I can beat
54 okay
if you lose the mic don't worry about it
so okay all right ready yep count me
down three 2 one
go keep it
steady
good find a way to
breathe you got
it oh dude you're cooking let's go
[Music]
come on it's the goie line keep going
keep going keep
going dude this is yours just keep going
breathe
push yes keep going keep going keep
going more more more more more further
further further here we go here we go
last dude
faster time
time no
way what is that
I don't know if the camera can see
this I can feel the blood pumping
through my hip
flexors it's a bum oh my god dude you
went so hard feel the blood like running
in all four limbs oh my god dude what
time do you think you hit maybe like
43 so I I stopped at a second late so
you're around 41 seconds okay timer says
4244 the camera is probably better and
hasn't work official time so that is the
world record right uh you know low key
yeah but he low key that is the record
for
sure yea that was
terrible it always is